**********************************************************
  IconPacks.com Commercial Usage License  
**********************************************************

  Iconpacks Order ID#: IPACKS-03285-04418
  Date of License:     13th October, 2003
  Licence Type:        Unlimited Commercial Usage

  Licence Owner: Jason C Horman
                 48 Powderhouse Blvd. Apt. #2
                 Somerville, MA
                 02144

**********************************************************

  LICENSED ICON PACKS

    - Commercial license for Assorted icons #2.


**********************************************************

  CONDITIONS OF ICON USAGE LICENSE

IconPacks.com™ grants the owner of this license NON-EXCLUSIVE
Commercial Rights to the usage of said icons within a full
commercial environment.

The license owner is permitted to use the icons within commercial
software products, websites and services, however the icons are
provided NON-EXCLUSIVELY, and may not be re-sold or re-packaged.
The licence grants use of said icons within Scripts, Software,
Graphical User Interfaces and any other commercial applications
requiring their use; solely within the scope of the license
owners personal and/or commercial environment.

The Commercial Rights to use said icons are supplied on loan and
no property or copyright in any way passes to the Licence Owner.
The given Rights to use and reproduce said icons is personal to
the Licence Owner only and may not be assigned to any third
party, without expressed permission from IconPacks.com™ -
Additionally the licence owner may NOT alter, add to or
manipulate any icon by means of computer or any other technique
or use any icon in manipulated form, without expressed permission
from IconPacks.com™

IconPacks.com™ makes no claim or warranty as to the validity or
authorization of any names or trademarks depicted in the icons.
It is the Licence Owner who must satisfy himself that all
necessary rights, releases or consents required for reproduction
have been obtained.

It is the license owners responsibility to familiarise themselves
with the terms and conditions stated within this licence and
adhere to them, to the very best of their abilities.
